6
Anjanath Power,Adrenaline,3
Temporarily reduces stamina depletion when health is at 40% lower.
Rathalos Power,Critical Element,3
Increase elemental damage (fire, water, thunder, ice, dragon) when landing critical hits.
Diablos Power,Bludgeoner,3
Raises attack as your weapon loses sharpness. Also boosts ranged weapon melee attacks and odds of stunning.
Kirin Blessing,Capture Master,4
High change of increased capture rewards. (No effect when joining mid-quest.)
Legiana Blessing,Good Luck,3
Good change of increased quest rewards. (No effect when joining mid-quest.)
Odogaron Power,Punishing Draw,3
Adds a stun effect to draw attacks and slightly increases attack power.
17
Nergigante Hunger,Hasten Recovery,3
Regenerates your health as you continually attack a monster. Recovery varies by weapon.
Vaal Hazak Vitality,SuperRecovery,3
Allows recovery to exceed the red portion of the health guage.
Pink Rathian Mastery,Poison Duration Up,3
Extends the duration of your poison's effect on monsters.
Anjanath Will,Adrenaline,2,Stamina Cap Up,4
Temporarily reduces stamina depletion when health is at 40% or lower.
Increases stamina cap.
Rathalos Mastery,Critical Element,2,Mind's Eye/Ballistics,4
Increase elemental damage (fire, water, thunder, ice, dragon) when landing critical hits.
Prevents attacks from being deflected. Also shortens the distance before ammo and arrows reach maximum power.
Diablos Mastery,Bludgeoner,2,Non-elemental Boost,4
Raises attack as your weapon loses sharpness. Also boosts ranged weapon melee attacks and odds of stunning.
Powers up non-elemental weapons you have equipped.
Kirin Favor,Capture Master,3
High change of increased capture rewards. (No effect when joining mid-quest.)
Uragaan Protection,Guard Up,3
Allows you to guard against ordinarily unblockable attacks.
Bazelgeuse Protection,Guts,3
Above a certain health threshold, you withstand an attack that would normally cart you (once only).
Teostra Technique,Master's Touch,3
Prevents your weapon from losing sharpness during critical hits.
Kushala Daora Flight,Nullify Wind Pressure,3
Negates all wind pressure.
Xeno'jiiva Divinity,Razor Sharp/Spare Shot,3
Halves sharpness loss. For bows and bowguns, shots have a chance not to expeand coating or ammo.
Zorah Magdaros Mastery,Critical Status,3
Increases abnormal status effect damage (paralysis, poison, sleep, blast) when landing crticial hits.
Guild Guidance,Great Luck,4
High chance of increased quest rewards. (No effect when joining mid-quest.)
Commission Guidance,Carving Master,4
Let you carve one additional time. (No effect when joining mid-quest.)
Legiana Favor,Good Luck,2,Bow Charge Plus,4
Good chance of increased quest rewards. (No effect when joining mid-quest.)
Increases max bow charge level by one.
Odogaron Mastery,Punishing Draw,2,Protective Polish,4
Adds a stun effect to draw attacks and slightly increases attack power.
Weapon sharpness does not decrease for a set time after sharpening.